The length of the voice, the process, the pronunciation, the rules, and other important things are to make the voice stronger or weaker.
In other words, it is to sing with strength.
The idea and expression are to change the way of singing in order to fully express the heart of the words of the song.
Now, I will sing the light of the firefly without strong and weak.
The picture I am going to show you is a picture of a line drawing without shadows or colors.
The shape is clear, but it is not enough.
The strong and weak of the firefly is the same as painting with shadows and coloring.
The picture I drew with shadows and colors is the same as singing as taught.
The picture I drew with shadows and coloring is the same as singing with strong and weak as I saw.
When I was a child, I drew a picture that was messy and unimaginable.
Then I drew a picture of a person with a picture of a hand and foot on a picture.
When I draw a picture, I look at other pictures and draw it.
In other words, I look at the picture and draw it.
The shape is clear, but the picture is the same as painting with shadows and coloring.
When you get better at it, you will be able to make good
The picture I drew with shadows and coloring is the same as painting with shadows and coloring.